Bitch how did I fuck with this
monotonous greeting it 's time
coming up with something new
for now hello with you already
fucked up
his welcome bear grylls and today
will probably be the worst and most
difficult place to survive is a swamp
I don't even know what we will meet here, but
just in case you fuck you with
crazy and decided voluntarily as the last
shay ueban hell on earth go to the swamp then
take everything you can carry with you
first take a protective suit
if you do not want any thread kikimora
Whibley you all go around the swamp carefully
so that you are not sucked like Sasha Gray
sucks male members
how stupid cunt during menstruation
sucks all brains if you
still sucked can scream if
it will calm you
here is a swamp settlement
foresters but they are so booby that they
they will consider you a swamp woman and fuck you
fuck so better try it yourself
get out here we got out now your
clothes stink like camels shit
hang it to dry while it dries
try not to be caught
foresters
they can find that you are naked fagots
vebat you but this time already fists
here and you dried clothes you can
continue our way the night in the swamp is very
fearfully
Straight fucked up you can piss the best
option is to translate the night in the village
thumping foresters but for this you need
cunning plan for boo in the here is ready
and now you can go to them
oh blood how did manul sausage zdarova
you guys can spend the night and walk
not allowed perry and capering bitch blood
passport oh fuckin fuck
headache must be hung up ready
can continue to cross it
bad swamp
somehow all this fucking strange no
you will understand chesky garbage but not yet
I met if you meet a Kikimora
she did not notice you that era and her
you never know what that green babischi
capable but I have not fucked for a long time and how are you
I understand her follow as you see
she walks into some kind of hoot let's
pretend to be a bush and wait for the morning
then I'll catch her and fuck her
on bitch green cunt now dragging her in
cave well, show me your face
car market
for on the monster marsh edge just
fucked yes yes and fuck but I fucked her
worthless such a monster in this world
live what the hell is it for music bitch fuck
your mother
where is she from, bitch is she
approaching that finally for fucking fuck I
in short, I'm fucking out of here, fuck I'm running already
ten minutes and this is to tell them everything
louder now my head will explode
what is it there for the reeds sits of course i
I do not advise you to watch but since I
ivana then i will look as you get closer
it's uplifting i music is getting
louder and banning an attack from the jungle what is it
for fucking oh god damn she noticed me
Bitch fucking fuck you mother stop for
me run everything that comes to me
head is to pretend to be a bush and fuck
This creature is a wooden build which I
whistling at the foresters when she turns
everything costs to you
it died i fucked him well i signed
I think it's too time to finish with
you were a bear grylls
and the program nature of the battle for survival
bitch fucking she pretended
we